modify logTestingPlaygroundURL documentation (#1105)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/queries/about.mdx

### `screen.logTestingPlaygroundURL()`

For debugging using [testing-playground](https://testing-playground.com), screen

> exposes this convenient method which logs & returns a URL that can be opened in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exposes this convenient method which logs and returns an URL that can be opened in
```
